### error404Soen6011summer2023
# Career Services Application
## Project Description:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The fierce competition in the contemporary workplace makes it difficult for people to find a job. In order to help capable job seekers to be seen, and let more employers find their favourite employees, this Career Services Application is going to be developed. The goal of this project is to create a website for job seekers and employers. It can provide students a platform for career services where they can upload and maintain their portfolios and companies can post job openings. This will be quite beneficial for students and companies to reduce the gap between them and help them build a bridge of mutual understanding. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On this recruitment platform, students can modify their resume according to the market needs by learning the latest technology and skills. Employers can continuously post job openings that are needed in their company. In order to access the website, all  students and employers have to first create and then login using their email address and password. Further, students can apply to suitable jobs by uploading their resumes whereas companies can find out the potential job seekers according to their profile. What’s more, employers will receive a notification when any student applies to their job opening and students will be notified when they get selected by an interview respectively. Besides, the platform will also apply multi-factor authentication to provide security from any potential fraud. Ultimately, the purpose of this project is to simplify the job selection in the talent market, so that job seekers can find good opportunities for future development and employers can also recruit for technical talents suitable for their companies.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To this end, the Agile development method will be applied to this project. By adopting four phases of sprints, incremental development is carried out to reach the final operational application system. In this process, according to the basic principles of Agile, personnel will be allocated reasonably, and fixed communication will also be arranged to promote understanding of each other’s work process and achieve better cooperation efficiency. 

